Remove "val io" and rename MultiIOModule to Module (#1745)
chipsalliance/chisel3: docs/src/wiki-deprecated/ports.md

(Chisel 3.2+)

> Chisel 3.2+ introduces an API `DataMirror.modulePorts` which can be used to inspect the IOs of any Chisel module, including Modules, RawModules, and BlackBoxes.

Reviewer: I am a little confused by this sentence. does "any Chisel module" mean "Any Chisel.Module, chisel3.Module, and ..."? If not can you clarify.

Author: Yes, it means anything that inherits from `BaseModule`, I'll clarify

> Chisel 3.2+ introduces an API `DataMirror.modulePorts` which can be used to inspect the IOs of any Chisel module, including Modules, RawModules, and BlackBoxes.
> 

Author: ```suggestion
Chisel 3.2 introduced `DataMirror.modulePorts` which can be used to inspect the IOs of any Chisel module (this includes modules in both `import chisel3._` and `import Chisel._`, as well as BlackBoxes from each package).
```

Reviewer: but not RawModules?

Author: It does include `RawModules`, it's everything 😑 . What do you think the best way to phrase it is? I was trying to avoid just listing every module class
